 
Compiling and linking the model (Visual C++). 
 
dsmodel.c
dsmodel.c(554) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(683) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(692) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(696) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(699) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(703) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(772) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(778) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(783) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(875) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(917) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(995) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1025) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1078) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1150) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1206) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1239) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1326) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1365) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1395) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
dsmodel.c(1439) : warning C4244: 'function' : conversion from 'double' to 'int', possible loss of data
   Creating library dymosim.lib and object dymosim.exp
 
Successful generation of Dymosim. 
 
